feature: flag to expand metadata to columns in `to_pandas` (#1299)
cognitedata/cognite-sdk-python: CHANGELOG.md

Reviewer: Please revert `CHANGELOG.md` changes. If you want to add a linter for markdown, do so in a separate PR 🤙

Author: I did not see those changes. It must have happened in my editor. I will fix.

Reviewer: No stress. Seems like a good change if you can add it to pre-commit 🚀

- `Fixed` for any bug fixes.
- `Security` in case of vulnerabilities.

## [6.12.0] - 2023-07-26
### Added
- Added option `expand_metadata` to `.to_pandas()` method for list resource types which converts the metadata (if any) into separate columns in the returned dataframe. Also added `metadata_prefix` to control the naming of these columns (default is "metadata.").

> - Updated poetry installation process for contributing.

Reviewer: Please remove the “updated poetry…”

- `Fixed` for any bug fixes.
- `Security` in case of vulnerabilities.

## [6.12.0] - 2023-07-26

### Added

* Added option in `.to_pandas()` method to include expanding metadata columns into a dataframe as well as an option to prefix those columns. Default is to prepend ".metadata" and `expand_metadata` defaults to `False` in order to maintain backwards compatibility.

> * Updated installation process for contributing.

Reviewer: Perhaps use `-` as all other entries do this 😅

Author: Again, must have been my editor. I fix.

> * Added option in `.to_pandas()` method to include expanding metadata columns into a dataframe as well as an option to prefix those columns. Default is to prepend ".metadata" and `expand_metadata` defaults to `False` in order to maintain backwards compatibility.
> * Updated installation process for contributing.

Reviewer: The dot should come after metadata I think. I also took the liberty of rewriting slightly 😉 
```suggestion
- Added option `expand_metadata` to `.to_pandas()` method for list resource types which converts the metadata (if any) into separate columns in the returned dataframe. Also added `metadata_prefix` to control the naming of these columns (default is "metadata.").
```
